[Music]
in the beginning of the song you play
using timbale I think some pretty cool
fills and it sounds like they have some
complex stickings going on yeah that's
an interesting story about those opening
fills because I heard I think it was an
old Genesis record where there was a
timbale fill really quick triplets
across the time and I thought it was so
cool I worked on it worked on it worked
on it and got it down which is exactly
that bigger minute let and then I was in
working in the same studio in London
where that was recorded it and I
mentioned it to one of the engineers he
said oh yeah we slowed the tape down for
that so it's an interesting case too
though I tried to reproduce something
that wasn't even human to begin with it
was something it was done with a little
extra help but the ambition and the
inspiration because I thought it was so
exciting I wanted to learn how to do
that and spend a lot of time on I'm
learning how to do something so it's
just an ironic twist on the end of that
effort
[Music]
like